1)Self Introduction:

		1. Thank for mindtree for giving this great oppurtinity to explore my self
		2. I have done two mini projects first one is based on tKinter and second one is based on word game


2) C programming:

			1. Developed  by                                      ==> Dennis richie , 1977, AT&T labs
			2. Type of language                                   ==> MId level language has the power of low and feautures of high level language
			3. Static or dynamic typed language                   ==> Static because we have to declare datatype before declaring the variable
			4. Datatype and extra feauture and explain            ==> Primitive: int,float,str,char  
														              Non-primitive: array, linked-list and explain it
			5. Uses												  
			6. Dis-advantages



3) About Mindtree:
			1. Mindtree Ltd is an Indian multinational information technology services and consulting company, headquartered in Bangalore, India. 
			2. It is a part of the Larsen & Toubro Group. 
			3. Founded in 1999, the company employs approximately 23,814 employees with an annual revenue of ₹7839.9 crore (US$1.1 billion).
			4. Mindtree's business is structured around clients in verticals such as Banking, Capital Markets, Consumer Devices & Electronics, Consumer Packed Goods, Independent Software Vendors, Manufacturing, Insurance, Media & Entertainment, Retail, Semiconductors and the Travel and Hospitality industry
			5. The company deals in e-commerce, mobile applications, cloud computing, digital transformation, data analytics, Testing, enterprise application integration and enterprise resource planning, with more than 307 active clients and 43 offices in over 18 countries, as of 31 March 2019.
					https://www.capitalmarket.com/Company-Information/Information/About-Company/Mindtree-Ltd/20581
					3 para in linked
			6. they provide lot of oppurtinity to develop freshers and  the training in mindtree are very useful to develop skill so as a fresher i want to work with mindtree


4)Why Mindtree:

				1. As a fresher i want to work with a reputated company where i can develop my skills i will work hard to develop myself as well as to develop company

				Mindtree provides ....


5)Why should i hire you:

			1.  As a fresher i want to work with a reputated company. where "i can develop my skills i will work hard to develop myself as well as to develop company".

			2.  If you give me a chance to work with mindtree i surely say that you wont regret your choice.



6)Conflicts between you and your team:  (team leader)
			 1.1. As a team leader i wont encourage any conflicts in-case it happens
			       my intial goal to develop the organization for that reason if i did any mistake i will surely appolazige the team member if he done a mistake i will excuse him.
			2. i believe in unity in diversity. if team members are unity team can be develop when team develop organization will develop

7) Girls in  team  or collaboration with girl team member:

			1. As a team leader i didnt show any gender discrimination in work i will distribute the work according to there skills.
			2. In case she face any issues or difficulties during work i will help her within my limits

8) distributing work in team :

			1. As a team leader i will distribute the work according to there skills. for example: 
			2. In case they face any issues or difficulties during work i will help them within my limits
 




